Add info about classes and types to 'getting started' docs (#6557)
python/mypy: docs/source/getting_started.rst

        def __init__(self, account_name: str, initial_balance: int = 0) -> None:
            super().__init__(account_name, initial_balance)

            # In this case, mypy can't infer the exact type of this field
            # based on the information available in this constructor, so we
            # need to add a type annotation.
            self.audit_log: List[str] = []

        def deposit(self, amount: int) -> None:
            self.audit_log.append(f"Deposited {amount}")
            self.balance += amount

        def withdraw(self, amount: int) -> None:
            self.audit_log.append(f"Withdrew {amount}")
            self.balance -= amount

Since ``AuditedBankAccount`` is a subclass of ``BankAccount``, we can directly pass
in instances of it into our ``transfer`` function:

.. code-block:: python

    audited = AuditedBankAccount('Charlie', 300)
    transfer(account_1, audited, 100)   # Type checks!

This behavior is actually a fundamental aspect of the PEP 484 type system: when 
we annotate some variable with a type ``T``, we are actually telling mypy that
variable can be assigned an instance of ``T``, or an instance of a *subclass* of ``T``.

> The same rule applies to type hints on parameters or fields.

Reviewer: Should we mention that mypy enforces LSP to make sure this is actually safe (maybe in a footnote)?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to mention that in this article, since this is a beginner's tutorial.

the `typeshed <https://github.com/python/typeshed>`_ project.

A *stub file* is a file containing a skeleton of the public interface
of that Python module, including classes, variables, functions -- and
most importantly, their types. Typeshed is a collection of stub files
for modules in the standard library and select third party libraries
and is what mypy used to identify the correct types for our example above.

Mypy can understand third party libraries in the same way as long as those
libraries come bundled with stub files. (See :ref:`installed-packages`
for more details on how this is done). However, if the third party library
does *not* come bundled with type hints, mypy will not try and guess what
the types are: it'll assume the entire library is
:ref:`dynamically typed <dynamic-typing>` and report an error
whenever you import the library.

We discuss strategies for handling this category of errors in
:ref:`ignore-missing-imports`, but in short, there are three things you can do:

1. Look for a separate package containing stubs for that library. For example,
   if you want type hints for the `sqlalchemy <https://www.sqlalchemy.org/>`_ 
   library, you can install

>    `sqlalchemy-stubs <https://pypi.org/project/sqlalchemy-stubs/>`_.

Reviewer: Should we also mention other notable stubs projects? This link appears twice (here and in the section on running mypy), maybe replace one of them with e.g. `django-stubs`?

> .. _stubs-intro:

Reviewer 3: Can remove this anchor

Reviewer 4: Done!

   # If you want compatibility with even older versions of Python
   my_global_dict = {}  # type: Dict[int, float]

.. _pep526: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0526/

Types and classes
*****************

So far, we've only seen examples of pre-existing types like the ``int``

> or ``float`` builtins, or the ``List`` and ``Dict`` types from the typing
> module. However, these aren't the only types you can use: in fact, you can

Reviewer 2: This is now out of date; the previous section has been updated to use PEP 585 syntax.

```suggestion
or ``float`` builtins, or generic types from ``collections.abc`` and
``typing``, such as ``Iterable``. However, these aren't the only types you can
use: in fact, you can
```

            self.account_name = account_name
            self.balance = initial_balance

        def deposit(self, amount: int) -> None:
            self.balance += amount

        def withdraw(self, amount: int) -> None:
            self.balance -= amount

        def overdrawn(self) -> bool:
            return self.balance < 0

You can declare that a function will accept any instance of your class
by simply annotating the parameters with ``BankAccount``:

.. code-block:: python

    def transfer(src: BankAccount, dst: BankAccount, amount: int) -> None:
        src.withdraw(amount)
        dst.deposit(amount)

    account_1 = BankAccount('Alice', 400)
    account_2 = BankAccount('Bob', 200)
    transfer(account_1, account_2, 50)

In fact, the ``transfer`` function we wrote above can accept more then just
instances of ``BankAccount``: it can also accept any instance of a *subclass*
of ``BankAccount``. For example, suppose you write a new class that looks like this:

.. code-block:: python

    class AuditedBankAccount(BankAccount):
        def __init__(self, account_name: str, initial_balance: int = 0) -> None:
            super().__init__(account_name, initial_balance)

>             # In this case, mypy can't infer the exact type of this field
>             # based on the information available in this constructor, so we
>             # need to add a type annotation.
>             self.audit_log: List[str] = []

Reviewer 2: I'm not massively keen on an example that requires a three-line comment, especially since this is a beginner's tutorial. Can we think of a different example here, that doesn't involve having to instantiate an empty list? (I'm also trying to think of one.)

In any event, we should use PEP 585 syntax here :)

```suggestion
            # In this case, mypy can't infer the exact type of this field
            # based on the information available in this constructor, so we
            # need to add a type annotation.
            self.audit_log: list[str] = []
```

Reviewer 5: Maybe a transaction count as an int?

Reviewer 2: I like that idea!

Reviewer 4: IMHO it's not really a big deal since typing an empty list is a frequent case (personal feeling).

Reviewer 3: mypy would be able to infer an int

Reviewer 4: I'm going to keep the `list[str]` but remove the comments since the rule has been introduced in previous section

anywhere, so how did mypy know that ``Path.read_text()`` returns a ``str``,
or that ``str.replace(...)`` accepts exactly two ``str`` arguments?

The answer is that mypy comes bundled with *stub files* from the
the `typeshed <https://github.com/python/typeshed>`_ project.

A *stub file* is a file containing a skeleton of the public interface
of that Python module, including classes, variables, functions -- and
most importantly, their types. Typeshed is a collection of stub files
for modules in the standard library and select third party libraries
and is what mypy used to identify the correct types for our example above.

Mypy can understand third party libraries in the same way as long as those
libraries come bundled with stub files or have inline annotations that mypy
can automatically find. (see :ref:`fix-missing-imports` and
:ref:`installed-packages` for the details). However, if the third party library
does *not* come bundled with type hints, mypy will not try and guess what
the types are: it'll assume the entire library is
:ref:`dynamically typed <dynamic-typing>` and report an error
whenever you import the library.

> 

Reviewer 4: @JukkaL I tried to merge the conflicts. But I am not sure about this parts.

Reviewer 2: I think this section (from lines 452-487) should be moved to `running_mypy.rst`, or maybe just cut altogether. With the changes made in this PR, it's a very different topic to the rest of the article, and I don't think we need it here since it's covered in depth elsewhere.

Reviewer 4: I removed the changes by Michael. But I keep the current example since it's quite useful for beginners IMHO.

Reviewer 3: I'd vote for cutting this section entirely. At this point, typeshed is good enough that users don't need to know at all about typeshed and beginner users don't really need to know about stubs to get started
